if you have zero website visitors
there's actually a strategy that'll help
turn things around faster hey everyone
i'm neil patel and today i'm gonna break
down if you have zero website visitors
this is what you should do first
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so let's start going step one identify
keywords and topics that you can win on
today
so go to ubersuggest
type in any keyword related to industry
you'll then see a report that ends up
showing you how popular that keyword is
how much traffic it gets how many clicks
go to people's websites and what i want
you to do is go look on the left hand
navigation
and click on keyword ideas and then if
you're not logged in make sure you're
logged in but this report shows you all
the keywords that you can potentially
rank for
i want you to then click on the keywords
i can rank for but
and then in that box put in your url
what uber says is doing is it's
analyzing your website how many people
link to your authority what you can
potentially rank for and then it filters
out all the keywords and shows you
what keywords have the biggest potential
for you to rank for
right now and if you do that you now
have a list of keywords that are the
best fit for your website and the next
thing that you'll want to do is filter
them based on intent so some of the
keywords even though you can rank for if
the products and services you know that
you offer don't align with that keyword
you don't want to go after it you want
to instead
go after the ones that are really ideal
fit
step two learn from your competitors
strategy and spot opportunities
i want you to now use the uber says
competitor analysis reports
a great example of this is the backlinks
report so if you go to the backlinks
report you can put in any competitor url
and it'll show you their backlinks
and when you end up doing that you're
like hey maybe i should go after these
links maybe some of those sites already
linked to me maybe some of them don't
what's cool about uber says is in the
backlash report there's a section called
backlinks opportunity this is where you
put in all your competitor urls and you
also put in your url what this breaks
down is all the people that link to your
competitors but don't link to you and
what's cool about this part is it shows
you which ones link to the majority of
your competitors so if you put in three
of your competitors and your website if
you found that hey there's these 50
sites that link to three of my
competitors but not me
well you know that they won't care to
link to more competitors because they
already linked a handful of them so
might as well hit up those sites first
to try to get them to link to you so
that way you can rank higher another
thing that i like doing with competitor
analysis is looking at the top pages so
anytime i look at the top pages report
and this is one of my favorite reports
in uber says it shows me all the top
pages from my seo perspective that my
competitors rank for now i take this
data to then figure out all right what
pages of content should i create that i
haven't created yet and what are all the
keywords that that page ranks for for my
competition so now i have a list of
keywords and what are all the people
linking to them because it also shows
you all the links so then now you have a
list of keywords when you're creating
your content and you have a list of
sites to head up to also get to link
back to you
and when you're doing all this i want
you to keep one thing in mind
that look
keywords
are an important factor but you need to
make sure that the keywords are very
relevant to your business because if you
go to the wrong keywords you'll get
traffic but the traffic's not going to
convert and i have a lot of competitors
that have articles on things like video
editing when they don't really offer
video editing services nor do we and
even though it may be one of their top
pages i wouldn't go and create that
because all it's going to do is create
irrelevant traffic for me step 3 create
in-depth content around the main topics
you want to focus on i don't want you to
go broad just like how i just talked
about video editing i'm a marketing site
i need to focus more on
marketing and i need to niche down and
be more narrow because that's how i'm
going to perform better in the long run
and once your traffic goes up and you're
starting to do well in your ranking on
the first page i want you to land and
expand so you're landing some of these
keywords then expand and broaden up
the category so if i first started
blogging on seo which is what i did at
neoplasal.com then i started broadening
up to content marketing then social
media marketing then paid advertising
then conversion optimization then email
marketing you see how i'm continually
expanding heck i'm even starting to
write articles now on things like
running ads on hulu or roku i'm even
talking about television advertising so
i'm still sticking on marketing but i'm
expanding and eventually i may expand
out of marketing and i would still cover
it very deeply but i would also maybe
add another category like sales because
sales embark